![alt tag](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/24201238/24583976/ced4c43e-179f-11e7-9c40-c0988c346f55.png)

_**Publish research for free, access research for free.**_

# Monthly community call minutes

Format:

## date

## Attendees

## Minutes from last meeting

Composed of:

* *What has the community been working on* from last month
* *Items discussed* from last month

## Action items from last meeting

Composed of:

* Any *Action Items* from last month

## What has the community been working on

## Items discussed

## Action Items

## 12/08/2017

## Attendees
* Rob
* Roo 
* Lisa
* Kade

## Minutes from last meeting
None, this is the first community meeting

## Action items from last meeting
None, this is the first community meeting

## What has the community been working on
* Lisa is gearing up to attend two conferences and has been manning the twitter account
* Roo has been working on the faucet and how the networking piece fits together
* Rob has been working on smart contracts
* Kade has submitted Aletheia to the Free Software Foundation database, made a submission to Linuxconf AU, was interviewed for Colper Science podcast, dug up some opensouce Ethereum identity smart contracts the project might be able to use, and gearing up to speak at MozFest.

## Items discussed
* Swarm and IPFS both have their pros and cons, there will be a discussion closer to Swarm's release (which there is no hard date on as yet) about shifting to Swarm or staying with IPFS.
* There are pros and cons around being on an Ethereum test net and the main net. Rob suggested side chains as a way of joining the main net at a lower cost.
* Rob ran through smart contracts he has been working on around incentivising peer review. At this point the smart contracts will mos likely be accepted as they have been proposed as we have had a number of people tell us incentivising peer review is something that seriously needs to be considered.
* Kade gave an update on the establishment of the foundation, we are still waiting on the lawyers
* The milestone of an MVP by November won't be met and will be reassessed. 
* It's generally agreed Aletheia needs to support ORCID.
* We still need a website. Roo has web development skills but is overworked, agreed do not want to pay for external party to build a website so we need to source a volunteer.
* Skype is our agreed platform of choice for community calls until we change our minds.
* Kade ran through reputation and how he sees it working down the track for Aletheia.
* Was agreed Kade will try and apply some project management principles to bring a bit more structure to the organisation of Aletheia.
* Kade and Roo to have a call with Kolt tomorrow to accomodate his timezone.

## Action Items
* [x] Kade and Roo to talk with Rob about side chains and work out a fixed cost
* [ ] Kade will then sit down with Lisa to budget
* [ ] Rob to push code for smart contracts
* [x] Kade to chase lawyers
* [x] Kade and Roo to have their Monday call and break down MVP features
* [x] Kade then to redo MVP milestones/timeline
* [x] Kade to look into ORCID
* [x] Kade to map out features required to accomodate ORCID
* [x] Lisa to send Kade and Roo notes she plans to talk about at the two upcoming conferences
* [x] Kade to draft up some project management documents
* [ ] Kade to share said documents with the team

## 13/08/2017 suplimentary call

## Attendees
* Kolt
* Roo
* Kade

## Minutes from the last meeting
* Ran through the big take awaya from yesterday as far as the test net/main net problem and how we are moving forward on it and breaking down the features for the MVP
* Recapped on what attendees to yesterday's meeting have been working on project wise

## Items discussed
* Kolt has been working on a React branch but has since gained a lot more skill with Angular and will start working on including the Angular framework into the app.
* Kolt previously created a mockup of the Aletheia interface, will do more work around this but Angular is his focus for now.

## Action Items
* [ ] Kolt to start working on incorporating Angular into the Aletheia app

## 10/09/2017

## Attendees

## Minutes from last meeting
* Lisa attending conferences and manning the twitter account
* Roo working on the faucet and how the networking piece fits together
* Rob working on smart contracts
* Kade submitted Aletheia to the Free Software Foundation database, made a submission to Linuxconf AU, was interviewed for Colper Science podcast, dug up some opensouce Ethereum identity smart contracts the project might use, and gearing up to speak at MozFest.
* Swarm and IPFS disucssed and the matter will be revisted once there's more information available on Swarm.
* Pros and cons to the Ethereum test net and main net discussed, Rob suggested side chains.
* Rob ran through smart contracts he has been working on around incentivising peer review. 
* Kade gave an update on the establishment of the foundation, we are still waiting on the lawyers
* The milestone of an MVP by November won't be met and would be reassessed. 
* It's generally agreed Aletheia needs to support ORCID.
* We still need a website. 
* Skype is our agreed platform of choice for community calls until we change our minds.
* Kade ran through reputation
* Kade will try and apply some project management principles to bring a bit more structure to Aletheia.
* Kade and Roo to have a call with Kolt tomorrow to accomodate his timezone.

## Project documentation
* Roadmap
* Project (MVP)

## What has the community been working on
* Update from Lisa
* Update from Rob
* Update from Roo
* Update from Kolt
* Update from Kade
1. We've advanced the conversations around the submissions smart contract, Rob is working on
2. Kade finished reading the peer review paper and has sketched out a better version of peer review
3. Kade reached out to some people from a District0X thread. People from University of Texas are interested in having Aletheia as part of a group looking at tech in scientific publishing
4. District0X themselves volunteered support as they're well established in the crypto field.
5. Kade writing articles about Aletheia for ConsenSys
6. Both Colper Science podcasts Kade recorded are out
7. Kade and Roo reworked the project plan
8. Kade has spoken to lawyers

## Items discussed
What exchange are we going to use?
Roo, can you open a bank account for Aletheia Foundation?

## Action Items
* [ ] Kolt to start working on incorporating Angular into the Aletheia app
* [ ] Kade will then sit down with Lisa to budget regarding Ethereum main net
* [ ] Rob to push code for smart contracts
