![alt tag](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/24201238/24583976/ced4c43e-179f-11e7-9c40-c0988c346f55.png)

_**Publish research for free, access research for free.**_

# Weekly communuity call

## 16/08/2017

## Attendees
* Roo 
* Kade

## Minutes from last meeting
None, first time meeting has been recorded

## Items discussed
The MVP project was cleaned up, added to, removed from and rescheduled.

## Action Items
* [x] Kade to remove open leadership from the milestones, it's now done
* [x] Kade to add in Lisa's events to milestones
* [ ] Kade to update contributing.md with repo descriptions
* [ ] Kade to update readme for app because there are some missing notes
* [x] Kade to speak to Kolt about new issues assigned to him
* [ ] Kade to sanity check all issues to see if any need closing
* [x] Kade to speak to Rob and Roo about a metadata call and/or a sidechain call
* [x] Kade to change MVP miletone to end of the year. 
